EPAS: reverted v14 link changes from #4383 (#4388)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/14/epas_compat_ora_dev_guide/08_oracle_catalog_views.mdx

<div id="oracle_catalog_views" class="registered_link"></div>

> The Oracle catalog views provide information about database objects in a manner compatible with the Oracle data dictionary views. Information about the supported views is available in Database Compatibility for Oracle Developers Catalog Views](14/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Oracle catalog views provide information about database objects in a manner compatible with the Oracle data dictionary views. Information about the supported views is available in Database Compatibility for Oracle Developers [Catalog Views](/epas/14/epas_compat_cat_views/oracle_compatible_views).
```
